# Servicio-WebApp

Our project is basically outlined as a solution for existing problems with Service/repair centres and customers who own a vehicle. Customers can download SERVICIO mobile application and register with the system by creating a profile on it. Once a customer registers with the system, he/she can find a service centre or a repair centre by searching and filtering according to their needs.
In addition to that, Service centres and repair centres can be registered to the system through SERVICIO web-based application system by paying the annual subscription fee. Once a service centre is registered they can edit their profile details, upload videos, images and tips to their profile wall that can be needed for customers. Service centres can edit their availability in the calendar. customers can visit service centres profiles and check the availability and send a booking request for a particular date and time. Service centres can accept or decline the bookings but if they decline they have to mention the reason for the decline.
Customers can get the estimations from repair centres by sending the images and videos of the damage. And customers can select a repair centre and deliver their vehicle to the repair centre.
Once your vehicle is delivered to any service centre or repair centre you can check the status of the vehicle and when the work is done you will get a notification to collect your vehicle. 
In order to achieve customer expectations and client's requirements, we hope to develop a user-friendly web and mobile application which includes basic functionalities. And we are aiming to make a dynamic platform to motivate the customers to make this process interesting and simple and thereby to earn a good income at the end.
